---
title: Why Serial Killers Often Achieve More Than Activists
published: true
---
<iframe width="100%" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/9WdKnZOtGjw" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

When you watch serial killer documentaries, you'll notice common elements, that one would wonder why Cultural Leftists in particular would choose to ignore. In particular, serial killers tend to evade captures for many years, and often cross state lines. Serial killers will also expose the ineptitude of law enforcement, who are unable to keep up with the various crimes, often done with different kinds of weapons. Also often serial killers will take advantage of periods of social instability, such as during a civil war, such as with a couple of Columbian murderer Garovito: https://www.thesun.co.uk/tvandshowbiz/10138583/dangerous-serial-killer-released-pedro-lopez/

And yet if you were to ask most Cultural Leftists, they would say things like "black people are more likely to be victims of serial killers than white people", or that perhaps endorsing the notion of criminality in itself is a form of racial and gender profiling. With the former, while it's certainly true that racial profiling has been a problem, creating a vaccuum where there is no state is not exactly going to eliminate such things. With the former, given the fact that most serial killers tend to be men, one would wonder why in that instance they would choose to suggest that studying true crime is a form of gender profiling, because they often believe: Sexism = Power + Privilede, similarly to Racism.

One wonders to whose benefit it is then to make sure people are not informed of true crimes than are happening across state lines, if Anarchists in particularly do not want to become known as bands of criminals, and rather activists instead. Although it's become apparent over time that to me, a lot of anarchists tend to operate in a similar fashion to to organized crime families. If per chance some anarchist think tanks are a psy-op created by the government, this would in essence mean that the government often works with organized crimes, and that organized crime families benefits as much from there being a state.

It should come as no surprise that as vicious as anarchists and mobsters can be, this is not generally where serial killers tend to come from. Generally this tends to be where Spree Killers are born, which is a different classification altogether. Generally the difference is spree killers murder lots of people in a short amount of time. While serial killers tends to operate for years on years, often cross state lines, enjoy the benefits of seeming like normal citizens, and seem like functioning members of society. What is interesting though is there doesn't seem to be a whole lot of documentaries on idealogical serial killers.

And yet I developed my own theory about serial killers specifically, where there is common elements in terms of where they operate, which is interesting considering the fact that most are generally not idealogically motivated: often they tend to operate within poorer neighborhoods, no because the poor are more likely to commit such crimes, but rather the poor tend to be victims of said murders. Often such murders expose the rot within the system in a more efficient way than what any career political activist can dream of:

In particular, with the Torso Murders: https://www.clevelandpolicemuseum.org/collections/torso-murders/ Often the law enforcement themself may have a reputation for being tough on crime, such as captured and jailing Al Capone. One wonders then if said killers often perform their murders as a method of exposing how incompetent the police actually are. Baring in mind this was during a period when Trump wasn't in office, but the law enforcement has only become more incompetent sense then.

Its interesting to note about the Torso Murders, how the Police Chief investigating it ended up burning dowwn much of the town the serial killer was operating in, indicating an authoritarianism problem. One of the suspects hints as possible corruption preventing the suspect from actually being captured.

Which creates in interesting situation where the government works in tandem with some types of anarchists, before they try to take government power themselves. The only difference between anarchists and despots is Anarchists tend to want to be ruled by a criminal underworld, rather than by states. And in this environment, I don't honestly believe serial murders will decrease.
